Little bit of a mind bender
map is very similar, but
there's a key difference
that I want to point out,
so, Here's underscore map,
again, there's a native array map method,
which we won't implement.
It looks you could write it out just
the same as you would write for
each except instead of for each input map.
Obviously the behavior is different
because it's not each and
we'll go on to that.
So the key difference between each and
map that people
really confuse is that each
does not return anything,
the function does not return anything.
Okay, that's really important, so even if
you wanted to return something in your
callback function, you can't,
it doesn't work like that.
Cool.
Guys promise you won't forget, Okay, and
then map, returns an array every time.
So map, we use it to take lists and
transform them into, A new array.
So you can use it really to just copy
an array if you want it but typically,
you're going to use it to manipulate
change, update it and move it around how
whoever you want, so, It looks
a little similar, so we take a list.
And then we have a callback function.
Now, we call.
Each one.
With this function,
except that whatever this
function returns is
gonna go on the object.
What is this function return?
What is the return?
>> Just a value.
>> What value is it returning?
>> One two or three.
>> That function, so
the only place it returns is in ES5
at least is where you say return.
And so we're not saying return here and
so what it's returning is undefined
in this case, and so,
We're gonna loop through and
we're gonna have an array of
length three of undefined values.
That makes sense, why is it length three?
>> Each iteration of the original array.
>> Cuz the original array is length three,
exactly.
So for this utility method,
it's going to return an array
of the same size every time.
That's how it works.